some more instruction for lecture 2 on git-based collaboration (#74)
SanliFaez/OS4Physicists: CourseDevelopment/Week4/Lecture4.md

# Open Science for Physicists, Lecture 4, Reproducibility

+ Last updated: 8 August 2023
+ Lecturer: @SanliFaez 

#### Contributors: 
+ Erik van Sebille @erikvansebille
+ Hendrik Snijder @hendelhendel

## Goal: Documentation for reproducibility

![Project documentation illustrated as a roadmap](reproducibility.jpg)
[The Turing Way project](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/reproducible-research) illustration by Scriberia. Used under a CC-BY 4.0 licence. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.3332807.

### Lecture format
During weeks 4 and 5 of the course, students form teams to make a small computer-assisted measurement project, with a focus on reproducibility of the results. Week 4 is mainly for setting up the project and its documentation, and week 5 is dedicated to reproducing the project by other teams and writing a peer-feedback report. 

Students will also get a tour or [Lili's proto lab](https://www.uu.nl/lpl) and get familiar with various rapid-prototyping tool, which they can use to enhance their projects.

> **The 5-minutes exercise:** Chose a previous report (at least 6 months old) you have written (e.g. your bachelor project) and pick a random graph that you have generated. In 5 minutes, find the data corresponding to that graph and regenerate it. What was the document structure and was it useful? Can someone else use your documents to reproduce your results?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The 5-minutes exercise:** Choose a previous report (at least 6 months old) you have written (e.g. your bachelor project) and pick a random graph or figure that you have generated. In 5 minutes, find the data corresponding to that graph and regenerate it. What was the documentation structure and was it useful? Can someone else use your documentation to reproduce your results?
```
